we all lose the people that are
important in our lives and that's okay
because today we are graduating but
someday we won't be here someday we are
all going to die especially your
girlfriends please talk about spoiler
alert
this is a perfect hiding place
yes unless someone throws my calculator
against the wall oh I hope it's our son
retroviral hyperplasia I never told you
its genetic
you've known that all this time and you
pick now to tell me you think I care
about you look at my fingernails my skin
is peeling off like a goblin look gross
you know what I'm not even gonna over
react to this you lived a pretty long
life plus we have like tons of money and
disease it's coming for you you're
really weird dad I hate you said here
have my life to work thanks Willa Beals
you closed the lid for the weekend yes
it's probably alright here's a bright
idea why don't you make sure the lid is
closed before someone falls in from
pretty stories up and electrically
mutates the crap out of themselves just
because you were too lazy to safely run
this electric deal power plant Oh fine
hey Kyle like a guy up there Hey look so
we did almost fall in the day I need
your blood man you could save my life I
don't know it seems so unsafe it could
kill you oh my gosh dude not gonna
inject it straight into my arm got a
team of experts scientists that work
your blood into a cure oh all right then
I'll meet with your scientists it's not
like I want you to die or anything
course you don't
we're best friends Peter one who's Peter
you're not even disguising your voice
Wow that's actually really impressive
I've never considered dubstep dubstep
yeah dubstep man kids love that stuff I
bet you'd be great at it
Oh
you're in first time right now oh what's
going I did not see this coming
you do it man you you use time travel to
save your girlfriend now you use it to
save mine right
I haven't done that since the 70s dude
I'm I'm trying to not do that anymore no
chin man you turn back time right now
and fix this I'm losing it
she was my everything I know but I just
can't change my parents well uncle dad
know this I even thought I saw my dad at
Quinn's grave know what's real anymore
man hey just but just calm down okay
look at yourself this is not you I will
shoot this mortal man in the face easy
there Kay that's not I mean you couldn't
shoot me if you want to do it was that
because I'm faster than a speeding
bullet
no because I'm Batman you stop you're
not helping
come on Parker the city needs you I know
this is hard but but this is what
defines you yeah plus there's this giant
Rhino conveniently terrorizing the block
right now for you
connect nobody cares who the cops can
handle it I do I know and I will turn
back time I can't it's just dude really
turn back to town I can't don't you can
it's not that Sonoita not right how much
so much take it easy back to back put it
out so we're moving to London
you reversed I did how did you know that
because I'm bad